Changing mgw to Choreo Connect (#3688)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/quick-start-guide/quick-start-guide-overview.md

# Quick Start Guide

> Choreo Connect 4.0.0-beta is a lightweight gateway distribution that can be used to deploy a single API or multiple APIs. In summary,  Choreo Connect is a specialized form of WSO2 API Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choreo Connect 0.9.0 is a lightweight gateway distribution that can be used to deploy a single API or multiple APIs. In summary,  Choreo Connect is a specialized form of WSO2 API Gateway.
```
